README.md, before:

# Activity Tracker

Project overview goes here

## GitHub Repo URL
https://github.com/AllenHirmiz/Protfolio-Website-Advanced-CSS

## Website URL
https://radiant-temple-68140-fe49fe21fe71.herokuapp.com/

## Table of Contents
Navigation menu
Cover photo
Login
Sign up
Sign out
Profile Page
Calendar Page

## Installation
Web Based
## Technologies Used
The Activity Tracker website is built using the following technologies:

1. Boot Camp Materials - Lesson Material from Weeks 1 - 14
2. Prior Knowledge and experience
3. [MySQL][def1] Documentation
4. [mysql2][def2] Documentation
5. [Sequelize v6][def3] Documentation
6. [Express HandleBars][def4] Documentation
7. [Materialize][def5] Documentation
8. [DayJS][def6] Documentation
9. [Full Calendar][def7] Documentation
10. [toTitleCase Code][def8] on Stack Overflow
    
[def1]: https://dev.mysql.com/doc/
[def2]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2
[def3]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize
[def4]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-handlebars
[def5]: https://materializecss.com/
[def6]: https://day.js.org/docs/en/installation/node-js
[def7]: https://fullcalendar.io/docs
[def8]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5086390/jquery-title-case



## Mock-Up

The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

## Main Page
![Activity Tracker main page includes a navigation bar, a cover image, and slogan](./assets/images/main-page.png)

## Profile Page
![Activity Tracker profile page includes a navigation bar, account details and user activities ](./assets/images/profile.png)

## Calendar Page
![Calendar page includes month view page with user activities ](./assets/images/calendar.png)

## Mobile Layout
![Activity Tracker page viewed on small screen ](./assets/images/mobile.png)

Commit message:

Final update to the readme file

README.md, after:

# Activity Tracker

Activity Tracker is a web based website that allows their website users to keep track of their activities on daily basis,
The user will be require to sign up to the app to be able to use the Activity Tracker website free of charge.
Once signed up the user will be able to update their information and add their activities no matter if it was an old, new or future activity.
The user would have access to the following pages once logged in:
* Profile
* Calendar
Also they are able to sign out from the website by clicking on Sign Out button that is available on the website navigation bar.


## GitHub Repo URL
https://github.com/dingogap/Fit-Connect-Pro

## Website URL (Heroku)
https://infinite-shore-46121-83c2f6ef6518.herokuapp.com/

## Table of Contents
Navigation menu
Cover photo
Login
Sign up
Sign out
Profile Page
Calendar Page

## Installation
Web Based
## Technologies Used
The Activity Tracker website is built using the following technologies:

1. Boot Camp Materials - Lesson Material from Weeks 1 - 14
2. Prior Knowledge and experience
3. [MySQL][def1] Documentation
4. [mysql2][def2] Documentation
5. [Sequelize v6][def3] Documentation
6. [Express HandleBars][def4] Documentation
7. [Materialize][def5] Documentation
8. [DayJS][def6] Documentation
9. [Full Calendar][def7] Documentation
10. [toTitleCase Code][def8] on Stack Overflow
    
[def1]: https://dev.mysql.com/doc/
[def2]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/mysql2
[def3]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/sequelize
[def4]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/express-handlebars
[def5]: https://materializecss.com/
[def6]: https://day.js.org/docs/en/installation/node-js
[def7]: https://fullcalendar.io/docs
[def8]: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/5086390/jquery-title-case



## Mock-Up

The following image shows the web application's appearance and functionality:

## Main Page
![Activity Tracker main page includes a navigation bar, a cover image, and slogan](./assets/images/main-page.png)

## Profile Page
![Activity Tracker profile page includes a navigation bar, account details and user activities ](./assets/images/profile.png)

## Calendar Page
![Calendar page includes month view page with user activities ](./assets/images/calendar.png)

## Mobile Layout
![Activity Tracker page viewed on small screen ](./assets/images/mobile.png)
